Well, good morning.
My name is Levi Gardner.
I'm one of the pastors here at Perdido Bay Methodist Church.
And I joined Scott of welcoming you today.
It is a joy to worship Christ alongside of you today.
As I was reminded, it is a day like this that we are thankful for the mercies of Jesus that are new every morning, even on a time change day.
Amen.
Yeah, when my oven looked at me and said it was 320, I said, well, glory be to God in the highest.
I do love the mornings, but eight o'clock I'm done.
But hey, catch me in the morning, I'm good to go.
As Pastor Scott said, it is a great day to be here.
And if you are a guest with us, I'm glad that you're here today.
That might seem weird for most pastors to say, but it's an opportunity for you to see the heart of this community face.
And then we're gonna be talking about in just a few minutes is the reality that this church has had the generational impact that it has because of the willingness of the whole.
to take on their part of giving and investing in the kingdom of heaven through their time, their talents, their gifts, their service, and their winners.
This church is never dependent on one or two people to do everything, but it has been a commitment of the whole of all of those who make this their church family to be the hands and feet of Christ, helping our community to know the message of Jesus.
And so I'm thankful today as we look at the promise that we hear in scripture that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday
today and this morning we're focusing on the fact that Jesus Christ is the same forever.
And so I want us to turn at to Psalm 22 for our first scripture and then our second scripture will come to us from Hebrews chapter 13.
Let us listen for the word of the Lord.
The Psalmist writes, I will give praise and the great assembly because of you.
I will fulfill my vows before those who fear you.
The humble will eat and be satisfied.
Those who seek the Lord will praise him.
May your hearts live forever.
All the ends of the earth will remember and turn to the Lord.
All the families of the nations will bow down before you.
For kingship belongs to the Lord.
He rules the nations.
All who prosper on earth will eat and bow down.
All those who go down to the dust will kneel before him, even the one who cannot preserve his life.
Their descendants will serve him.
The next generation will be told about the Lord.
They will come and declare His righteousness to a people yet to be born.
They will declare what He has done.
Hebrews 13, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Therefore, through Him, let us continually offer up to God a sacrifice of praise.
That is the fruit of lips that confess His name.
Don't neglect to do what is good and to share for God is pleased
with such sacrifices.
This is the word of God for the people of God.
Thanks be to God.
Heavenly Father, may the words in my mouth and the meditation in my heart be pure and acceptable in your sight, O Lord, our rock and our redeemer.
Amen.
I love how the psalmist opens this passage calling our eyes
Heaven, we're bringing the grand scheme of time to the forefront.
I will give praise in the great assembly because of you.
He's calling our eyes to the throne of God.
He's saying, in the presence of any who watch, in the presence of all those who joined alongside of me, I come before you, God, to offer my unfettered praise.
And this is what I believe God has been working in our congregation over these last several months as a yearning, a hunger, simply for the presence of God in our life.
As we sang earlier, the Holy Spirit would dwell with us that we wouldn't be more aware of how God is moving and acting in the midst of our church and in the midst of our lives.
And this is what the psalmist is declaring.
The God you are active, God you are powerful, God you are good and so, I will praise you.
And as I come before you God, I declare that I'm making a vow to love you, to serve you, to worship you, to honor you and all that I do.
And I give thanks that last Sunday night our women's ministry gathered in here to pray, to simply be in the presence of God, to adore Him, to bring their confessions before Him, to lift their thanks, giving to Him, and to ask
God to move in their life.
And we know that God is moving in the lives of all of those who pray.
And this is why we're having an emphasis on having people before the service that are available to pray with you because we know that when we pray, God moves.
When we pray, God listens.
When we pray, we are changed.
God invites us to His scripture.
to see ourselves in the midst of the great assembly, to recognize that your voice, your vow, is valuable to the king of heaven and earth, that he yearns to hear your love for him.
He yearns to see your devotion to him because he has created you into his very image.
And he has given you gifts, and he has given you a purpose, and he wants you to see your role in bringing the kingdom of God to bear.
It's not simply the responsibility of the person on the left, of the right, but it is the call, the privilege, the honor of all of those who call themselves followers of the risen Lord.
I will give praise in the great assembly.
And I give thanks last week for the testimony of
Micah and Katie Skinner, as they talked about how they have experienced that, as they have gotten more involved in the community of faith here, how in the midst of their serving, in the midst of their being in small groups, that they have experienced this truth, that they have found themselves in the midst of this assembly here, and they have encountered the presence of God anew, and they would testify that their family has been changed.
Their lives have been changed, because when we encounter the presence of the living God, we
leave changed and transformed.
And that's why we gather each and every week because we know that God has something for us today.
As we encounter His Word, as we encounter His presence, and so we continually seek for the Lord to bless us today, but also to cast our eyes to tomorrow because we know He is the God that was, the God that is, and the God that is to come.
And so we worship
for Thanksgiving, but we also worship with expectation.
But for us to live into this truth that Jesus Christ is the same forever, it requires us to have faithfulness, to have trust in the present, but also to have generosity to, for that generosity to compound so that the next generation can take the mantle of faith.
Continue moving forward with what we are doing today because we know that the church of tomorrow is present today.
that these young people that were worshiping out front, yes, they are the church of the future, but they're also the church today, but if we don't invest in them today, there will be no church of tomorrow, amen?
This is why the book of Deuteronomy says, teach your children the word of God in coming and going, because we know that as the faith is shared, as the faith is lived, our children see that the same Jesus that saved us is the same Jesus that is saving them in the same Jesus that will save their children and their children's children.
the prayers that we pray today, the gifts that we give today.
We may not see the evidence or the work of those gifts and those prayers, yet we do these things with the trust that God alone can bring the harvest and that God will bring the harvest into His time.
And we pray that we can see the fruit of our harvest, but we know there will be some things that we plant today that God will fulfill generations from now, but yet we serve and we give and we trust because we know that God is faithful.
He's faithful because we've experienced it in our life.
He's faithful because we talk to our ancestors and we hear how he was faithful to them.
And we know he is faithful because God is the God who keeps his promise.
And so we gather and we rejoice for the God who is and but also the God who will be.
We make this statement on a hope, on a pattern of God's goodness and on the guarantee that he makes.
that He is the Alpha and the Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last, and the because He lives, we too shall live.
That's not a guest church.
That's not a speculation.
That's a guarantee.
Only God can guarantee the future.
And so we claim His Word.
We claim His promise.
and we stand firmly upon it for where we are going as a church, where we are going as followers of Jesus, because we know this church that the gospel of Jesus Christ, the mission of our church to lead our community to life in Jesus Christ, that the need for the world to know the gospel, that the truth of the gospel is never going to change.
Amen?
Many products.
have to think about what consumer sentiment or consumer desires are going to be in 10, 15, 20 years they're designing sodas or designing clothes or designing handbags.
We don't have to worry about the need for the gospel.
It's going to be there.
We have a product that stands from age to age.
We have the truth that will save people in China.
We have the truth that will save people in Africa.
We have truth that will save people in Pensacola, Florida because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever.
We don't have to modify it.
We don't have to dress it up.
We simply have to stand on the Word of God to stand on the foundation that has been entrusted to us for this day and to pass it on to the church that is to come.
But in this moment, we are the stewards of today.
The pearl of great price has been entrusted to us.
And so Jesus says, Church, how are you trusting me today?
How are you serving me today so that there might be the bright future of the church tomorrow?
Because Jesus has much ahead for us.
He has much ahead for us as followers of him individually, but also for this community of faith.
But here's the good news.
If Jesus Christ came back in glory this afternoon, he still has a future.
We are tied up in his living, in his reign, in his kingdom.
And because he has made the promise we walk faithfully into tomorrow.
And so we look and we listen for where God is leading us.
Many of you know we have
a multi-year strategic plan and ministry that we're looking to grow new ministries, new opportunities.
And one of those is a beginning of a robust men's ministry.
And we're living into that plan beginning this, in just a couple of months, we're gonna have our first men's fellowship dinner on April the 10th, because we know that there is a hunger in our church for men to gather in the name of the Lord, to be in relationship with one another, to be in friendship with one another, to pray for one another.
So we're saying, Lord, help this to come to be.
And this is something that we discerned years ago when we are seeing the fruit of the seeds that were sown in that coming to fruition.
So we're praying for God to move amongst the men of our church in a mighty way.
But that's just one of many things that we know God has on the horizon for us.
But we can only live into those possibilities if we are faithful, if we are generous, if we are trusting in God to do what God says He will do.
I love
how pastor Scott shared so poignantly last week that we can't be so consumed with what we did yesterday, that we forget we still have a responsibility tomorrow, that we need to give thanks for what God is doing today.
But we can't be so lost in today that we forget that Jesus has much ahead for us.
So God invites us in our hearts to consider how His faithfulness in the past, His faithfulness in the present,
That these are gifts that God has graciously given to us.
Gifts that God has revealed to us that we might entrust him with all of our tomorrows.
God gives us our daily bread.
God calls us to be trusting in what he gives us today.
But I also love the story where God gives a dream to Joseph that he might store up grain for a time when there will be a shortage of grain.
We see God promises daily bread, but God also gives us wisdom to steward our gifts for the foundation of the future, to know that there will be a people to come, that we are building the church for them now.
And so God gives us the call to be faithful today, but also to trust Him for tomorrow.
God reminds us of the promise in Deuteronomy that He is a God who is faithful to a thousand generations.
This is how we can say with certainty that Jesus Christ is the same forever.
Because this is the God who says, I am who I am and I will be who I will be.
Our God is not shifting sand.
Our God is not going to change.
Our God is immovable, unshakeable, all knowing, all powerful, all faithful.
And He invites us to trust in that.
So many times we put our trust in things that will let us down, that will change, that will falter, but Jesus promises His unchanging faithfulness.
And what are the ways that we can experience that faithfulness, experience that trust is through our generosity?
I'm so thankful that from a very young age, I was taught to trust God with those first fruits, right?
I had a $2 allowance, big money, kids.
20 cents went into the tide jar for the very first allowance I got.
Because from a very young age, I learned that we don't have to live off of everything that we get.
That if we trust God with the first fruits, there will always be enough and some left over.
That's the beauty of the baskets.
They took the fish and the loaves and there was enough and some left over.
I don't get it, but it's God math.
It's like the redemption store.
I don't get it, but it works.
We are entrusted with much so that we can be faithful with what we are given.
We freely receive so that we can joyfully give.
We are not to grasp anything tightly except the hem of the garment of our Savior.
Everything else we are called to hold loosely, to say, Lord, even my life I offer to you.
This is not my own.
It is yours, O Lord.
Everything that I have, everything that I am, is and will always be yours.
So God, I trust you.
God, use me as you will.
Use my finances as you will.
Use my family as you will.
Use my home as you will.
Use my car as you will for Lord.
It isn't mine.
It is a gift from you to be used for your glory.
When we think about this, it changes our perspective because it allows us to see the faithfulness of God day in and day out.
And this is why I love the wisdom of Hebrews 13, 16.
It says, don't neglect to do what is good and to share.
For God is pleased with such sacrifices.
What's one of the earliest lessons we teach our kids?
Share.
But as adults, we say, no, that's mine.
If our kids said that, we would be appalled.
God is honored and pleased with such sacrifices that are shared.
But God desires not that we give these with tight fists and gridded teeth.
God desires for us to share and to give with thanksgiving.
Giving is joyful.
Giving is to be celebratory.
Giving is not to be something that is a burden upon your back.
It is meant to be freeing for us to recognize the source of all that we have and all that we are and all that we will be.
Because as we give joyfully, we begin to experience the mighty hand of God.
Everything that we do is a congregation only happens because of your generosity, because of your faithfulness to show up, to serve.
Nothing else is making the ministry of this church happen, but the people of this church week in and week out day in and day out, sometimes minute in and minute out being willing to give and to serve so that God can show up in mighty and powerful ways.
This has been the story of our church.
This is the story of our church.
And this will continue to be the story of our church, that this is our opportunity to invest mightily in what God is doing today.
so that we can trust the seas that we are sowing now for the church of tomorrow.
Because we know that Jesus is already going ahead of us.
We know what Jesus is going to be doing, who Jesus is and what he promises.
And so we don't have to worry about what we are giving to.
We are giving to the Lord of all creation, the one who is seated at the right hand of the Father, the one who again will come and glory to judge the living and the dead and in whom his kingdom will have no end.
Nations will rise and fall.
Houses will be built and torn down.
Even our lives are like vapors in the wind.
But the Lord stands forever.
And because He lives, we too shall live.
I love the great Him because He lives.
This hymn has been on my hearts.
I consider the fact that Jesus Christ is the same forever.
And if you are familiar with the hymn, this is the chorus because
He lives.
I can face tomorrow.
Some of us just need that word today, man.
Because he lives all fear is gone.
I don't care what the news tells you, church, that's the truth right there.
Because he lives all fear is gone because I know he holds the future.
Oh, what good news?
He holds the future and life is worth the living.
just because He lives.
Because Jesus lives and will live and forevermore will be, we are invited to experience the joy of that abundant life, of what He gives us that we can entrust all things to Him.
And we're gonna hear a brief testimony from Kathy Jeffcoat, who has been
a part of starting this church many years ago and who's been a faithful member and someone who's invited more people to be a part of this church than I can count.
And she has experienced God's faithfulness.
I want you to hear how she shared a word from 25 years ago and then how she is reflecting upon God's faithfulness today.
When the opportunity came for my family to move to this church, I saw this as a great opportunity
for young families and young people in this community to become part of something really special.
And that's one of the reasons I left Pleasant Grove to come to Prudido Bay because I knew that their God had a lot of people in this community that he needed to become a part of this church.
And this church is like a family to me.
When I come in this church, it's like coming home.
Good morning, I'm Kathy Jeffco, and for 35 years, my family has been attending and been members of this church.
Some of you out there weren't even born 35 years ago, and I didn't know you were gonna be here today, but God did.
So for so many years, God has given me the opportunity to share the good news of Jesus Christ to people in my community, just by inviting them to services or offering for them to come to Bible study or Sunday school with me.
You have that opportunity today.
We continue to be able to offer that to everyone in our community and to our friends.
That's what the stewardship campaign is all about.
Allowing us to give just a small portion back to Jesus who gives so generously to us.
Always, this church is like an anchor.
It reminds us to look up and not down.
It reminds us that Jesus is with us no matter what happens in our lives.
Over the years, our lives have changed.
And a lot of times people ask us, are you going to move?
Are you going to downsize?
And the first thing I tell everybody is, I can't move.
My church is here.
And I can't go anywhere and leave my church.
We have so many saints that are cheering us on, so many people that help build what we are able to enjoy today.
Someday you may be sitting here where I am, and you're gonna have the opportunity 20 or 30 years from now to say to the people out there, I didn't know you'd be here today, but God did.
May God continue to bless everyone that walks through the doors of this church today, tomorrow, and forever.
Amen.
The closing of Psalm 22, here again, these words, their descendants will serve him
The next generation will be told about the Lord.
They will come and declare His righteousness to a people yet to be born.
They will declare what He has done.
This truth remains the same church, that those who come after us will serve the same Jesus.
The next generation yearns to be told about the Lord, that they are eager to come and to declare His righteousness
And so if people yet unborn, they too, one day, will declare what the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God who sent Jesus Christ to dwell among us, the God who died on Calvary for our sins has done.
But this is our moment.
This is our time to say yes to what God is doing, but to say, Lord, we trust you for what you will bring tomorrow.
We can't see over the horizon.
We don't know what's around the corner, but we know who is already standing there paving the way, guaranteeing the future.
And so may we take the bold step today of continuing to trust God with our time, to trust God with our lives, to trust God with our giving, knowing that we do this with the sure and certain hope that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday.
Jesus Christ is the same today.
And Jesus Christ will be the same forever.
Amen.